docs for `stop_on_client_disconnect` stanza (#7938)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/docs/job-specification/group.mdx

  own [`shutdown_delay`](/docs/job-specification/task#shutdown_delay)
  which waits between deregistering task services and stopping the task.

> - `stop_after_client_disconnect` `(string: "")` - Specifies the
>   duration to wait when the Nomad client is disconnected from the server
>   after the [`heartbeat_grace`] window before terminating this group. By
>   default, Nomad runs tasks indefinitely on clients even if the client
>   has crashed or can't communicate with the server. After the
>   [`heartbeat_grace`] window, the server marks allocations on the node
>   as "lost" and reschedules them. But the task is left running on the
>   client. For some workloads, operators may want to ensure that the
>   allocations on the clients are also stopped (for example, they require
>   exclusive access to an external resource). The group level
>   `stop_after_client_disconnect` opts the group into being terminated.

Reviewer: An alternative version of the text for consideration.  Take anything that you like from here, toss the rest.
```suggestion
- `stop_after_client_disconnect` `(string: "")` - Specifies a duration after
  which a Nomad client that is partitioned from the servers will stop
  allocations based on this task group. By default, a client will not stop an
  allocation until explicitly told to by a server. A client that fails to
  heartbeat to a server within the `hearbeat_grace` window and any allocations
  running on it will be marked "lost" and Nomad will schedule replacement
  allocations. However, these replaced allocations will continue to run on the
  non-responsive client; an operator may desire that these replaced allocations
  are also stopped in this case—for example, allocations requiring exclusive
  access to an external resource. When specified, the Nomad client will stop
  them after this duration. The Nomad client process must be running for this to
  occur.
```

Author: I took almost all of this in my last commit here but I swamped out "is partitioned" with "that cannot communicate" to avoid using some narrow distsys language where I think we want something simpler and broader.

}
```

### Stop on Client Disconnect

This example shows how `stop_on_client_disconnect` interacts with
other group stanzas. After the default 10 second [`heartbeat_grace`]
window expires, the server will reschedule both workloads. The client
will wait 90 seconds before sending a stop signal (`SIGTERM`) to the
`first` group. After 15 more seconds because of the `shutdown_delay`,
the client will send `SIGKILL`. The `second` group does not have

> `stop_on_client_disconnect` and will not be stopped on the client no
> matter how long the client is out of touch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stop_on_client_disconnect` and will not be stopped on the client, regardless
of how long the client is unable to contact a server.
```

Author: Done. (Had to reflow so I just picked that up in its own commit)

}
```

### Stop After Client Disconnect

This example shows how `stop_after_client_disconnect` interacts with
other stanzas. For the `first` group, after the default 10 second
[`heartbeat_grace`] window expires and 90 more seconds passes, the
server will reschedule the allocation. The client will wait 90 seconds
before sending a stop signal (`SIGTERM`) to the `first-task`
task. After 15 more seconds because of the task's `kill_timeout`, the
client will send `SIGKILL`. The `second` group does not have
`stop_after_client_disconnect`, so the server will reschedule the
allocation after the 10 second [`heartbeat_grace`] expires. It will
not be stopped on the client, regardless of how long the client is out
of touch.

> Note that if the server's clock is not closely synchronized with the

Reviewer 2: The story is a little better than that, actually!

Note that if the server's clocks are not closely synchronized with each other, the server may reschedule the group before the client has stopped the allocation. Operators should ensure that clock drift between servers is as small as possible.

Author: Done!

client's clock, the server may reschedule before the client has
stopped the allocation. Operators should ensure that clock drift
between clients and servers is as small as possible.

> 

Reviewer 2: Note also that a group using this feature will be stopped on the client if the Nomad server cluster fails, since the client will be unable to contact any server in that case. Groups opting in to this feature are therefore exposed to an additional runtime dependency and potential point of failure.

Author: Done!
